PRODUCT SPECS

History:started as small store, now has 56 stores across Edmonton, Canada.
Goal:increase sales of books among young readers,. increase childhood literacy, classic and modern genres.Help kids improve reading ability while delivering high quality content.
Product Name: Bodleian Library


Deliver digital books to users unpon request
High quality context, personalize to users
Trying to expand into online market
Target market: kids 7-12yrs.


Product features: should not be just another e-reader; more so a reading coach, trainer for young readers, perhaps, provide age appropirate content, account, ability to recorder, help kids learn to call words, monitor kids reading progress etc.
Product Focus:North America
Security is critical, protect identity of child
Minimum age use, kids below x years, not applicable
Reading improvement dimension
User select what they want to read
suggests books to keep kids interested in reading


Product use, be portable for use anywhere, i.e, not internet.
Digital database of books, all licenses obtain from publishers
Product launch:Strong working prototype, DEADLINE:6 weeks
Budget:Approved for 3+1 developers, contingence funds available upon request.


Meeting with Educational Director:

SECOND MEETING-EDUCATIONAL ADVISOR
Prouct that improves reading efficiency is needed on the market he says
How to increase reading levels?-read with the kids more, and giving them interesting material that they are interested in, lead to improved reading levels
Design layout, of app, formatting, should be look and feel like regular books. Lots of illustrations and pictures.
inline dictionary, to ensure they don't get lost or destracted
Large font or adjustable fonts, off white background better than white, which strains eyes and cause sleep problems.
Ability to browse history, set up reading list, reading suggestions.
periodic assessment of kids reading comprehension, which can be used in the rating system to suggest similar readings books
test them every month or so for comprehension progress 
previously read books, books that they liked
fav list, read later list
Friends list, user interaction





